like hundreds of families in Israel Dam
Al ades is waiting and hoping when Hamas
attacked on October the 7th its Fighters
didn't just kill and kidnap Jewish
Israelis the zis are bedwin Muslim Arabs
from the neab desert in southern Israel
but that didn't stop Hamas snatching
Dam's cousin Yousef and yousef's three
children Bilal Hamza and 17-year-old
ASA there's a picture of Hamas Fighters
with four men detained on the floor
shirtless two of them are Hamza and Bal
it's clear that they were kidnapped for
the first two weeks we didn't know
anything if they were alive or dead we
didn't know what had happened to
[Music]
them many families of Israeli captives
say government support has been lukewarm
but Dam says for bedwin it's been a
struggle to get equal recognition for
their loved ones even to have their
pictures included in the bring them home
campaign
everyone's in pain Jews and Arabs we're
in pain we're no less important than any
other kidnapped we are also
human Israel's bedwin have nomadic roots
and they've long been an excluded
minority many of their Villages are not
officially recognized and this bedwin
former member of the knesset says the
community doesn't receive the same
protection as Jewish Israelis Fe
seven people were killed because their
homes took direct shell hits and there
are no shelters in these unrecognized
Villages there are 120,000 people that
have no shelters and they're not covered
by the iron doome air defense
system the bedwin describe themselves as
caught between two fires between the
extremists on both sides those in Israel
who see them as two Muslim two Arab and
those in the occupied territories for
whom they sustained as
collaborators like all those whose loved
ones were kidnapped Dam has been
following the negotiations towards the
captives release he's hopeful Aisha will
be included in the first group but Dam
also hopes all ethnicities and religions
of Israel find Common Ground only then
he believes will the peoples of this
land have any chance of living in peace
Rory Chalin Al jazer Southern
Israel make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer